Michael McQuaid: hi.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Are you.
Good.
Michael McQuaid: Sabrina are you also a an interpreter.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: kiersten workhouse be will be the second interpreter she's not here yet.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so I don't know who Sabrina is.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: I don't either.
Michael McQuaid: selena.
Michael McQuaid: I cannot hear you.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so I can turn off live transcript then.
Michael McQuaid: Now, do I need to make you co host.
Michael McQuaid: hmm.
Michael McQuaid: I don't know why this isn't.
Michael McQuaid: Okay i've set you to be the closed captioning now.
Michael McQuaid: Ellen who did you say the other interpreter would be.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: here soon more cascade.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, because I have to admit I also don't recognize Deborah hughes's name.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I work at Rochester child first network.
Michael McQuaid: i'm the HR words.
Michael McQuaid: Oh, of course, I did get your name from Jeff.
Michael McQuaid: Well, good the Dean, is here.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so I see two interpreters.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: there's actually going to be three of us together.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: You, ladies have a preference and.
Starting.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Man, are you there.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Okay.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: And then do you want me and then.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: How do you say your name.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: yeah okay.
*Interpreter* Anna: I also didn't realize that the three of us so.
*Interpreter* Anna: Are there any breakouts or.
*Interpreter* Anna: special considerations for that.
Michael McQuaid: There are gonna be some breakout rooms um.
Michael McQuaid: let's see the.
Michael McQuaid: I can't remember now who requested the interpreters originally do you have that information I like.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Michelle awesome.
Michael McQuaid: Okay yeah Michelle olson and.
Michael McQuaid: Rochelle and Matthew so whichever breakout rooms, they go into.
Michael McQuaid: We would need an interpreter there to students will actually roshan requested a caption.
Michael McQuaid: Well, actually, I can tell you which.
Michael McQuaid: I can tell you which breakout rooms, those are.
Michael McQuaid: Give me a second.
Michael McQuaid: So we need the caption is in breakout for when we do breakout rooms.
Michael McQuaid: and
Michael McQuaid: The interpreter in Room five when we do breakout rooms.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: You know what i'm.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Are you sure there's just there's only those two deaf students that's all is there a third.
Michael McQuaid: Although those were the two who requested.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: I think, Michael mcquaid.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Is that's the.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: that's the requesters Professor okay.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: yeah oh you right.
Michael McQuaid: yeah that's me.
i'm.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: So if there's not a third student, then we don't need a third, do we need an interpreter in the captioned room.
Michael McQuaid: I don't know what that would.
mean.
Michael McQuaid: We only had a request for a caption just from roshan roshan is here, do you want to say, if you want an interpreter as well.
Michael McQuaid: In room for.
Roshan Mathew (RIT Student): Just.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Actually Okay, thank you.
*Interpreter* Anna: Okay, so.
*Interpreter* Anna: I don't mind stepping out if that's.
*Interpreter* Anna: Not necessary or.
Michael McQuaid: So I can't I can't.
Michael McQuaid: I can't see the captions right now should everyone Should I be able to see your captions.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: We live in our US freelance.
*Interpreter* Anna: Yes.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: So I think typically the freelance stays and then LM.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: No.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Paper scissors rock.
*Interpreter* Anna: Okay that's fine i'll stay.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Are you familiar with um you accept.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: me no, no, I know you you.
*Interpreter* Anna: know I can't say that i'm probably as familiar, as the two of you.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: um does that change things kiersten do you think.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: I just.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: I just thought that was department policy.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: yeah I know I know there's the general.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: I mean really it's up to you.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: i'm.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Looking to see if there's something else that can go to.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: it's up to you.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: I have to be here, I have another assignment later tonight so honestly I would prefer to keep working, but I mean I understand I mean, because when I signed up this morning it was only Kirsten there was no freelancer in the assignment so.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Either I don't know how they were added if we were already assigned okay.
Interpreter - Kirsten Borkowski: Okay i'll take care of it i'll read the email and have a good assignment, the two of you, thank you and i'll communicate okay.
*Interpreter* Anna: Okay, thank you.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: Okay, so Anna i'll go ahead and start okay.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: sounds good, well, I hope you.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: You know, get used to it.
Michael McQuaid: Though I have enabled live captioning.
Michael McQuaid: In my space, and I still don't see anything.
Michael McQuaid: So let me ask row Sean do you see.
Michael McQuaid: captions.
Michael McQuaid: If you can see captions i'll just proceed, but if you can't oh now i've got them.
Michael McQuaid: They suddenly appeared.
Michael McQuaid: Okay welcome everyone.
Michael McQuaid: I wanted to start by just saying that i'm an old saying that i've often heard is that all of us know more than any of us, so that is to say that you have a contribution to make to your team.
Michael McQuaid: No matter how new you are to ux.
Michael McQuaid: Your your entire team, including you, knows more than any member of your team, no matter our expert so it's very important for you to make contributions, no matter how how little experience you have in ux and i'm very excited to.
Michael McQuaid: kick off this ux studio.
Michael McQuaid: i'm on the ux studio page, which is mick mcquaid.com slash ux studio and there's an agenda there and we're going to introduce i'm going to introduce this, the agenda is is available, right here, and the agenda says that we're going to be.
Michael McQuaid: That i'm going to be introducing this until.
Michael McQuaid: A minute ago, so we started a little bit late, because I was confused about the captioning so i'm going to take a couple of extra minutes to do introductions i'd like to introduce the judging Panel for this, we have some very distinguished judges here.
Michael McQuaid: The dean of the College is here that's and hickey could you introduce yourself.
Anne Haake: hi everybody, I mean he is, as you heard i'm the dean of the College I just just a quick word I participated in this last year and I was very impressed by.
Anne Haake: The outcomes, but you know the student work, and also the way that the clients and the students interact it together, so I look forward to seeing your work welcome great.
Michael McQuaid: And the director of the school is here that's matt you know felt.
Matt Huenerfauth: hi everyone i'm glad to see so many students participating it's great to have some local nonprofit organizations participating as well.
Matt Huenerfauth: I was also served as a judge last year, and it was great to see the ideas that students had come up with in just a week so i'm looking forward to this design sprint so good luck everyone.
Michael McQuaid: Right and then we have a senior lecturer from new media design, which is new for us last year was all I school people, and now we have Melissa warp here, and if you could just say a word to introduce yourself that would be great.
Melissa Warp: hi everyone i'm Melissa and i'm very happy to be here, I teach, of course, in the school of design and our big focus is on ui design ux so i'm going to love to see i'm sure see what you all come up with, so thank you for having me.
Michael McQuaid: Right and Stephen katie may be here, I can't oh okay he's here but he's muted.
Michael McQuaid: So Stephen katie is it.
Michael McQuaid: In the high school is a senior lecturer in the high school.
Stephen Cady: hi everyone i'm I apologize my internal camera is not working, so I am just to name, but this is my first time judging i'm a lecturer in the school of information.
Stephen Cady: And I am certainly excited to see what you were able to come up with your creativity and your presentations next week, so it should be a crazy fun week so hopefully you enjoy and looking forward to see what your results are.
Michael McQuaid: Thank you so much, and we have representatives from one of the not for profits here, which is Rochester child first network so Jeff Hoffman is here.
Michael McQuaid: And Deborah Hughes is here and we may have others here from those are the only two that I know of.
Michael McQuaid: You want to say you want to introduce yourself.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah first Thank you all thank you alrighty Thank you Mike Thank you students I believe it's just myself in depth tonight.
Jeff Hoffman: i'm the fundraising guy at rcn we've been in business for over 160 years since before the civil war.
Jeff Hoffman: Serving families and children in in greater Rochester so i'm really excited about this, the person who's is our PR communications person is in our it Grad.
Jeff Hoffman: And stephanie works remotely from Orlando so she'll be helping us out with this project to help us to put together some ideas.
Jeff Hoffman: But just we really appreciate this opportunity we are a small nonprofit and if you can help us, you know communicate and build those bridges with families with prospective employees with our kids better we would really appreciate that.
Michael McQuaid: Great and then.
Michael McQuaid: Deborah Hughes.
Debora Hughes - RCN: hi everyone i'm the HR person at rcn i've only been there for months but um we're always looking for ways to update ourselves and.
Debora Hughes - RCN: show our brand and make our presence known, and I think things like this will actually really help us expand just to touch other people, along with just contacting and reaching out to the current parents and staff.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, great Thank you so much, now the head of Rochester green ovation is sick and we didn't get a replacement for her so she's not here today, we just found out that she was sick today and.
Michael McQuaid: So, none of the volunteers, have been able to replace her i'll be going through these two slideshows next the Rochester child first and the Rochester green innovation, a slideshow and Jeff and.
Michael McQuaid: Deborah will probably be able to do Q amp a on this, our time is running a little bit late, we are supposed to be halfway through this.
Michael McQuaid: Rochester child first presentation, right now, so i'm going to turn it on, and you can also go into it and follow along, if you want i'm going to just full screen that.
Michael McQuaid: And you can use, you can navigate through the slideshow if I if i'm going too fast, you can zip back and forth through it just using the arrow keys to navigate it.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so as, as was mentioned.
Michael McQuaid: Rochester child first is a not for profit agency dedicated to advancing the quality of early education and Karen was from New York through leadership advocacy and innovative services to children.
Michael McQuaid: Their main facility is this four acre location in the south wedge.
Michael McQuaid: Parents converge on this location every day at 9am and 3pm to drop off and pick up children, and it is a madhouse at these times.
Michael McQuaid: So an APP to help manage drop off and.
Michael McQuaid: pick up would be welcome.
Michael McQuaid: And the childcare providers at RC and have the autonomy to use or reject Apps that appeal or don't appeal to them, there is currently an employee's shortage so also an APP that would help recruit child care providers would be welcome.
The current use of technology.
Michael McQuaid: Sorry did somebody say something.
Michael McQuaid: i'm getting a few people have are not muted and I think one of them is talking in the background, but i'm not sure.
Michael McQuaid: But let me know if you want to talk, I mean yeah I can see the participant list here, even though I have the.
Michael McQuaid: The screen share on so I can see raise your hand or.
Michael McQuaid: feel free to jump in at any time.
Michael McQuaid: So.
Michael McQuaid: The providers have seen reluctant to use Facebook, the parents don't use Twitter much in class dojo and other.
Michael McQuaid: Education APP is helpful, but not a thorough source of two way communication so Apps that have you know, some two way communication could be welcome.
Michael McQuaid: And most parents have smartphones so even an APP that allows us to text them all at once, might help, so you could actually replicate some of the functions of social media in your APP and and that would potentially be welcome.
Michael McQuaid: and important challenges to make an APP that's open to parents, but not open to predators.
Michael McQuaid: Potential predators, so there are different audiences for an APP parents for picking up they might want to be able to say that they might be late or they might want to say i'm on my way.
Michael McQuaid: And for parents to communicate with teachers about what their children are doing right now.
Michael McQuaid: manager, would like to know which parents, they need to approach during the 3pm crush regarding late payments.
Michael McQuaid: prospective parents and prospective donors may need info that's on the website, but delivered differently or who made need timely messages about fundraisers raffles silent auctions casino night and the mad hatter tea party, which are fundraising activities that they do.
Michael McQuaid: And the childcare providers may want to communicate with parents.
Michael McQuaid: And it can be hard to reach prospective employees, particularly now during the pandemic, so an APP that that reaches out to potential recruits could be valuable.
Michael McQuaid: Now there are some things that are really important to them that are really important darcy and that surface, when we talk, it must be inclusive of different races ethnicities and abilities.
Michael McQuaid: It must communicate that we're professionals, there are a lot of child focused Apps that are two cartoonish in appearance and don't communicate that the people behind them are really professionals.
Michael McQuaid: And, of course, an APP must be easy for people who are not computer savvy even the Facebook group was a tough sell.
Michael McQuaid: So something that's just blindingly easy.
Michael McQuaid: could be a great benefit.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so those are all the slides that I have what kinds of questions do you have about rcn.
Matthew Incardona: mute myself.
Michael McQuaid: yeah.
Matthew Incardona: Alright, I hope everyone can hear me fine my microphone has been having several issues this week.
Michael McQuaid: I hear you just fine.
Matthew Incardona: Okay perfect does rcn have anyone.
Matthew Incardona: Any like customers, we could interview and out or ask for questions for or do any kind of testing.
Jeff Hoffman: um yes, we could.
Jeff Hoffman: Set you up, I mean it would just be a matter of you know we're closed that Monday so it'd be matter of getting to somebody you know Tuesday or Wednesday, you know parent or some teachers.
Jeff Hoffman: If you have my contact information which is just Jay Hoffman at rcn for the number for kids orgy yeah should be able to facilitate that it just it will be a real short timeline.
Matthew Incardona: Alright, thanks so much for the offer, though.
Jeff Hoffman: Oh, thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Oh somebody is already.
Michael McQuaid: put it in, but I think it's Jay Hoffman not Jeff Hoffman isn't it.
Jeff Hoffman: Correct che Hoffman.
Jeff Hoffman: There you go yes.
Michael McQuaid: I know I put it, I put kids spelled kids wrong.
Michael McQuaid: No, I can't even edit it.
Michael McQuaid: I can't edit it and I can't delete it.
Matthew Incardona: I think kids is close enough.
Michael McQuaid: My email program won't understand it, but someone might Okay, a couple of questions, a couple of more people have their hands up matt has his hand up.
Matthew P Sciubba: yeah um, I guess, my question is other than you mentioned that the child pickup and drop off is one of the more hectic.
Matthew P Sciubba: scenarios that you guys have is there anything else that comes to mind with one of your like biggest challenges at the moment, other than that.
Jeff Hoffman: hmm and feel free to jump in as i'm as i'm trying to think of things in it, you know the technology, I think it is a.
Jeff Hoffman: challenge justin says, most of our parents, you have a lot of lower income parents and most of them, if not all, would have a smartphone or or.
Jeff Hoffman: You know, some kind of connection, you know they could get through their phone, but a lot I don't think you know, have a home computer or even have a.
Jeff Hoffman: tablet or a laptop so that you know I think that's part of what we want to be able to to reach all of our parents that might not be such a big issue with prospective employees.
Jeff Hoffman: gosh can you think of anything else really pressing deb that comes up on a regular basis.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Well, I think Kovac gave us challenges that we've never had before, so I.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Think just quick communication meaning, you know um you know, a surge or closing certain classrooms or you know things like that that we want to get out that's gotta be.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Not like an email that they might read or they might not till like nighttime so something that we can do mass communications very, very easily and quickly that they will get on their phone so before they even get the kids dressed.
Debora Hughes - RCN: You know what I mean that it's going to pop up on their phone Nice and easy and is not having to like text a million people in that kind of thing so call it definitely gave us additional challenges.
Matthew P Sciubba: yeah The thing that comes to mind when you mentioned, that is the way that amber alerts work I know it's nothing as extreme as that but something.
Matthew P Sciubba: Would you say that's something as simple as like a notification system with maybe doesn't even have like an interface for them to use would be a useful thing just something where just like a notification pops up on their phone for like emergency communications and things like that.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Well, so the difference, I would say is we usually communicate on not just were closed due to like we give a little bit more information because usually, when you're dealing with children and our staff.
Debora Hughes - RCN: there's more information than just a quick alert that were closed or don't bring your kid today kind of thing it's more so.
Debora Hughes - RCN: A communication, a conversation, do you know what I mean so it's not just a quick alert I would I mean that would be great, but I think it's it's a little bit more than that because we actually want to service our employees and our.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Parents more than just an alert does that make sense, because if.
Debora Hughes - RCN: You say we're close to cove it that's an alarming we don't want to alarm them, we want to inform them does that make sense.
Matthew P Sciubba: Something something with the functionality of like a two way communication.
Debora Hughes - RCN: yeah because if anybody has questions we definitely want to shut down any you know assumptions and or you know somebody being you know uneasy about things, we definitely want to respond quickly.
Matthew P Sciubba: That makes sense.
Debora Hughes - RCN: And I think to just recruiting as I recruit I mean indeed is great.
Debora Hughes - RCN: But I think we could probably reach different groups of people if we had a platform to do so and I don't really know what that looks like I mean.
Debora Hughes - RCN: we're looking at all different age groups, all different levels of you know tech savvy people versus still with a flip phone, so I don't really know what that looks like but recruiting is always a struggle, always a struggle.
Michael McQuaid: Okay cool um Alex has a hand up oh i'm sorry Matthew did we finish answering your question.
Matthew P Sciubba: Yes, thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Alex have a hand up.
Alex Kalomiris: So i'm remembering correctly, you mentioned that the pickup and drop off times are always really crazy.
Jeff Hoffman: Oh yes, for the most part, yes.
So.
Debora Hughes - RCN: So the thing was drop off and pick up and that is.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Due to coven we can have you know 15 parents coming at three o'clock and coming into the building we can't we can't accommodate that so many times.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Parents are standing outside versus if they could message us and we can message them on a platform that says okay we're going to bring your child up to the door.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Will will let you know when you can come to the door versus having people standing outside, because we can only have so many people in the four year.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Because it's very small and all parents are coming in at three o'clock pick up their kid or dropping off.
Debora Hughes - RCN: So I think something that you know, like when you go to the doctors and you get a text that you can come in, or you can't come in Whatever the case may be something some something like that would be helpful and then again is due to coven.
Michael McQuaid: Right good to know.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah and I think also when we're open from you know basically from seven in the morning till 530 but.
Jeff Hoffman: For before and aftercare but the crunch time to really that the other issue that comes up sometime during the crunch, time is.
Jeff Hoffman: Identification in the sense that we you know we have a child, and both mother and father are on our list and pick them up, but mom and dad couldn't show up today.
Jeff Hoffman: And they said grandma well we don't know grandma and we can had a child off to grandma just because, just because she says, you know so so, even if the child seems to you know recognize the person.
Jeff Hoffman: So I think that goes back to to mix issue about this needs to be accessible, but it also needs to be you know protected information so not just anybody can can get access to it.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, good to know.
Michael McQuaid: Now Alex says he has a follow up question that he's going to type in because his roommate is talking.
Michael McQuaid: So Alex did you want to type in your follow up question or.
Alex Kalomiris: Oh yeah i'm doing that now sorry.
Okay.
Michael McQuaid: So after that we have masha and she busy both have questions.
Michael McQuaid: Maybe we can take measures question, while we're waiting.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): So my question is with the arm with the notification you guys are thinking about for the for the APP.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): Are you thinking of having just one single person, maybe somebody who works in the office sending out these sort of messages or any updates on the child are you thinking.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): The teacher would have access to sort of their own idea of the Platform or their own section in the platform and and they'll have like their class list in my next sort of words, how do you guys do that on your end now and then the power you begin to look.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Good question, I honestly don't know.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah that is a great question um.
Jeff Hoffman: When kids, especially when when kids are picked up at three o'clock in the afternoon, a lot of times the the teacher will help out with that mean they know that you know johnny's parents always come at 305 or 310.
Jeff Hoffman: But still, it at the end of the day, I think we would want someone in the front office to actually Okay, you know, every time every time a child is coming and going.
Jeff Hoffman: And you know my my thought is deb i'm not sure we'd want to teach her to say oh okay your parents here, you know you can leave now and then the front office not know that their childhood left.
Jeff Hoffman: there's that kind of.
Jeff Hoffman: wishes I kind of get to the point of your question.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): yeah I think everything just sort of one just thinking about when I was in school and like sort of attendance tracking but.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): If it just thinking of like sort of a solution if the APP is the teacher would have to check off this student is leaving on the APP and then that would be that would like update automatically in the system for whoever's in the front office would that be a feasible solution.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I think that actually would be a very good check and balance on our end.
Debora Hughes - RCN: So that the office, the teacher everybody's on the same page and we can.
Debora Hughes - RCN: All see it as alive um you know active document of.
Debora Hughes - RCN: data.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Do you know what I mean, so that we.
Debora Hughes - RCN: can actually know at any given point a snapshot of who's here who's been picked up and if there are any issues or problems, we would be able to see it immediately.
Debora Hughes - RCN: and not have to like walk.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Clear across the building to to see a child, or whatever you know what I mean.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): yeah okay.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, great so Alex put his question, so at those punch times would that doctor's.
Michael McQuaid: office two way communication style be preferable to say parents being able to schedule staggered pick off pickup dropoff times as the example solution that came to mind.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Well, it has to be staggered So the answer would be yes um although pickup time three o'clock some get there a few minutes early some get there a few minutes late, so they could let us know they're outside.
Debora Hughes - RCN: We could, so what happens is is parents can't go into the classrooms anymore, they only go to the front door and just so you understand, we have greeters.
Debora Hughes - RCN: That when somebody comes to pick up a child at the door they go back or they call the the classroom and they walk the child up front.
Debora Hughes - RCN: So before the parents would just walk into the classroom and grab their child to to call, but we can't do that.
Debora Hughes - RCN: So if the parent would say i'm here to pick up such and such there's a check and balance that the child is supposed to go with that person, and then the greeter would go and get the child and bring him to the door, then the parent would be notified that the child's ready at the door.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Does that answer your question or no.
Alex Kalomiris: um I think so so you'd rather have parents just be able to say oh i'm i'm here, and then they come in in like the order that they come in, but slowly rather than oh this group of parents is.
Alex Kalomiris: This group is like 258 this group and.
Debora Hughes - RCN: We wouldn't do that we wouldn't do that so we're.
Debora Hughes - RCN: we're trying to be very serviceable to the parents and it and it is a three o'clock pickup like, and it is a nine o'clock drop off.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Just like school, you know I mean you wouldn't like classrooms if you're going into class starts at a certain time and ends at a certain time so staggered I don't I don't necessarily think that works.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I think just whoever comes first come, first serve and.
Debora Hughes - RCN: you're in a list and we'll get your child as soon as we can, but we just can't have every I don't want everyone standing in 90 degree heat, or you know 10 degree weather outside because they walk up to the building and we still have to go get their child.
Jeff Hoffman: mm hmm.
Jeff Hoffman: This might be a completely separate APP else it's a great question but that those are the main pickup dropoff times, but we will still have kids here till.
Jeff Hoffman: You know 435 o'clock 534 after school care, so there might be some kind of functionality about you know hey i'm you know at five o'clock that a parent of one of those kids could Texas, and say i'll be there in five minutes.
Jeff Hoffman: That that could be helpful we're focusing on our crunch times of nine to three, but that you know for some parents say they could be helpful to say i'm coming to 430 i'm coming at five o'clock.
Michael McQuaid: OK cool so she has a question she couldn't raise her hand in in zoom for some reason, but she has a question.
Shwetha S: Hello.
Michael McQuaid: Yes.
Shwetha S: yeah hi I have two questions first was.
Shwetha S: mentioned that the APP should reflect that you're professionals and it shouldn't be too childish, but is there any particular team or brand that you would like us to integrate into the APP.
Jeff Hoffman: You know, for any for any visuals that are that are on there yeah we would share the.
Jeff Hoffman: The RCM logo our Green and White RC and logo for any kind of you know, visible interface yeah that would that would be wonderful.
Shwetha S: Okay.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I certainly don't want busy Do you know what I mean so like not just cartoonish kind of stuff but we don't want busy very, very simple very user friendly.
Shwetha S: Is there any color palette that you guys have in mind for us to use or that we should follow so that it takes to your brand.
Jeff Hoffman: Yes, and if I can, if I can find that on Tuesday i'll shoot it over to MC yeah we have.
Michael McQuaid: On the website, if you if you do that.
Jeff Hoffman: i'm sorry.
Michael McQuaid: i'll put it on the website, if you do that and i'll message everyone.
Jeff Hoffman: Okay yeah because that the green you're looking at is a specific green number that I forget what the number is but.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah we do, we do have a very specific color palette.
Debora Hughes - RCN: keep in mind for anybody, that is an APP person we want our APP.
Debora Hughes - RCN: To be very identifiable so you know they have 30 Apps on their phone for the people that are more smartphone savvy.
Debora Hughes - RCN: that ours is is very easy to identify whether it be our logo or something else, but that it's it's a go to do you I mean they don't have to like look for it it's very identifiable.
Shwetha S: Okay.
Shwetha S: And the other one was that.
Shwetha S: You wanted the APP to be inclusive of.
Shwetha S: ethnicities are jays are also ability so Is there something specific about like any accessibility issues that you want us to target.
Debora Hughes - RCN: We have it in English and Spanish.
Shwetha S: Okay.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I know i'm reaching but.
Shwetha S: I was thinking along the lines of should we be.
Shwetha S: Focusing on color palette that's also helpful for color plan individual and.
Shwetha S: It should we be concerned about.
Shwetha S: Being blind friendly as well, and anyway.
Jeff Hoffman: wow that would be amazing i'm not sure how they would operate, I know, we have had a couple parents.
Jeff Hoffman: Who are deaf but.
Jeff Hoffman: Oh gosh I.
Jeff Hoffman: that's a really interesting question about you know it, you know whether it was verbal or whatever for people who are are blind I don't know deb, what do you, what do you think about that one.
Debora Hughes - RCN: I think, and I don't know if this is the right way to say it, I think it would be a nice if we could.
Debora Hughes - RCN: But I don't see it as necessarily like on my wish list at the top of my wish list does that make sense.
Shwetha S: yep.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah I agree and plus you know not to focus on one thing, but if we're going to the rush times of pickup and drop off those are you know.
Jeff Hoffman: Those are cited people who typically are driving here to pick up their kids.
Shwetha S: But I do know.
Debora Hughes - RCN: That we do have people that translate in Spanish, for some of our parents and families and even employees, so if there was a selection to do the APP in English or Spanish, I think that would.
Debora Hughes - RCN: touch a whole different group of individuals, whether it be for recruiting purposes or just communication that's clear for people that aren't as good with English.
Jeff Hoffman: Absolutely yeah the Spanish could be very important for us.
Jeff Hoffman: Okay.
Shwetha S: Thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Great so um it looks like another Matthew has another question Matthew in Cardona.
Matthew Incardona: Hello again um as far as a copy or any kind of you know content words media, etc.
Matthew Incardona: Are we providing placeholders for that or are you going to be providing.
Matthew Incardona: You know the media or the content.
Michael McQuaid: I would think that you're going.
Michael McQuaid: you're going to provide place.
Michael McQuaid: I don't think that they're going to have time to do that, personally.
Jeff Hoffman: I think that would make sense yeah I would agree and it's.
Jeff Hoffman: yeah I guess my concept of placeholders is once we have the APP and be available and we could you know we could create standardized messages about we're closing early today because of snow or whether or you know, whatever but yeah I think you're right, that would be.
Jeff Hoffman: placeholders and not perfect, specific text for every situation.
Matthew Incardona: Okay, thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, now I noticed that there are some people here who are not registered who are on the call and i'm wondering if there are people who wanted to participate in the design jam who didn't get to register.
Michael McQuaid: Because i'm seeing a couple of unfamiliar names.
Michael McQuaid: Now, it could be some people use multiple names, so that that could be it, but if you haven't registered for this, I want you to at least messaged me in the chat.
Michael McQuaid: And misha has another question which is how detailed, are you looking for all this to be, what do you hope to see visually to help get an understanding of the overall APP.
Michael McQuaid: And I think.
Michael McQuaid: there's probably a happy medium that that they're going to be looking for.
Michael McQuaid: In terms of detail.
Michael McQuaid: That you know there's a degree of detail that will become inflexible that will be too much and then there's too sketchy so My guess you guys may want to answer that but I guess would be.
Jeff Hoffman: Well, let me yeah let me ask you a question with a question, you know, whichever design I you know would be chosen or would be the winner, you know if we knew.
Jeff Hoffman: Who the person was who who did, that the student was it did that and we're using it for a couple weeks or a month and then, could you know can be contacted student back and say hey could you could you make this change to it, or you know what would that be reasonable request or not.
Michael McQuaid: Well, what these students are doing on.
Michael McQuaid: Those are not usable asked.
Jeff Hoffman: Okay okay.
Jeff Hoffman: Design design.
Michael McQuaid: I luckily I happen to have a.
Michael McQuaid: class that builds Apps based on designs and we've actually.
built.
Michael McQuaid: So those would be students that you might want to.
contact.
Michael McQuaid: Or, I mean i'm actually going to contact them anyway, but um there's students if you're if you're using the APP.
Jeff Hoffman: Is wanted to tweak it.
Michael McQuaid: it's the implement or is that you would probably talk to, and then the implementation.
Like.
Jeff Hoffman: Okay.
Michael McQuaid: Thanks, for we might all get in the same room together.
Michael McQuaid: At the same time I don't know.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so let me go on to the other.
Michael McQuaid: I don't see any other questions here.
Michael McQuaid: So I want to go on to the other slideshow so we don't have a representative from Rochester green innovation, but I have a few things to say about it.
Michael McQuaid: Rochester green innovation is completely volunteer run and they run a store downtown at 850 St Paul street.
Michael McQuaid: And it is an 18,000 square foot facility, they also have an eBay store and a posh mark store, but these are run by volunteers with limited time and these stores only show a few items, they have a vast collection of items in their 18,000 foot 18,000 square foot space.
Michael McQuaid: And they haven't fragmented online presence, so they have different volunteers who separately run you know non integrated Facebook instagram and tick tock presences.
Michael McQuaid: Facebook, is the first hit when I Google Rochester green innovation Rochester green innovation has a website that's not to maintained that comes up seven.
Michael McQuaid: instagram and tick tock don't come up on a search, they are first on a yelp search for Rochester thrift store, but they don't appear on the first page of Rochester secondhand.
Michael McQuaid: So they have, and these are images from their.
Michael McQuaid: Facebook page.
Michael McQuaid: They have different kinds of traffic, they have 30% of their traffic coming from Facebook 15% coming from and that's probably because Facebook, is the most.
Michael McQuaid: Currently.
Michael McQuaid: up to date, page it's the most well maintained page than instagram than walk ins without social media people who Google people who are new to the area people who just look up secondhand stores in Rochester and then a whopping 30% that they don't know where they come from.
Michael McQuaid: And a typical visit can last from 30 minutes, so you need 30 minutes to cover the place because there's so much stuff.
Michael McQuaid: and frequently they have visitors who stay for three hours, believe it or not, i'm not really a big shopper so that that number really floored me.
Michael McQuaid: And they have several different kinds of visitors, they have people who are just looking around people who love thrifty.
Michael McQuaid: People who are looking for something in particular, such as a desk or a couch or a table.
Michael McQuaid: They have slumlords coming into furnished apartments resellers and flippers who just want to buy things and resell them on more organized sites and then there are just people who are looking for deals if they can find a bargain they're happy.
Michael McQuaid: The inventory is kept very simply, everything is just recorded as being one of 50 categories and Here are some examples of categories and their biggest category is miscellaneous.
Michael McQuaid: And they have a total of about 50 of these things, and it occurs to me that you know, an APP that allows you to assign tags to photographs that are tags of these.
Michael McQuaid: 50 types might be really advantageous for them.
Michael McQuaid: The volunteers are always pressed for time, most of the volunteers communicate through texts and phone calls, but there are a couple of volunteers who have no tech at all, most of the volunteers, have a set schedule, but some just pop into the store whenever they feel like it.
Michael McQuaid: and green innovation also works with agencies, there are about five agencies in Rochester that help mentally challenged adults find work.
Michael McQuaid: and their clients volunteer at green innovation to prep for paying jobs, and those are our volunteers and there, there is a network of communication with the agencies that.
Michael McQuaid: liaison with them and then, if renovation has to close for any emergency which they did in October.
Michael McQuaid: They have to make about 25 phone calls and texts to volunteers and agencies so that's kind of the population of their.
Michael McQuaid: Their universe of immediate contacts.
Michael McQuaid: So there are a lot of design opportunities It may very well be the case that an APP is going to work better than a website, because most people are physically in the store.
Michael McQuaid: When they're concerned about the store and they would be able to use it on their phones.
Michael McQuaid: photos are a really big deal, so an APP that encourage people to post interview photos of merchandise, and that was usable by non tech savvy shoppers might work better than instagram or tick tock.
Michael McQuaid: Communication is a big thing for them if there was one place that all volunteers and shoppers could trust to the latest updates or give their own updates might work better than Twitter.
Michael McQuaid: And a connection to agree innovations many online incarnations may be helpful so many of renovations volunteers and clients don't know about all the different things that volunteers are up to.
Michael McQuaid: So an APP that had a page just.
Michael McQuaid: Connecting to their Facebook their.
Michael McQuaid: Their instagram their tick tock and so on, might be useful.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so that's all I have on a green innovation, I might I might say one thing that I think is really important, which is that.
Michael McQuaid: they're not looking for an e commerce APP.
Michael McQuaid: And I don't think that they would be able to support an e commerce APP.
Michael McQuaid: I think they're looking for something much simpler than that.
Michael McQuaid: And I think this you know this is kind of a key thing this photos thing.
Michael McQuaid: Okay does anybody want to ask me, so I have some knowledge of of Rochester green innovation so if anybody wants to ask me questions.
Michael McQuaid: I see that two people still have their hands up but that may be from before I don't know Matthew in Cardona.
Michael McQuaid: Did you have a new question.
Matthew Incardona: Sorry, no, it was my Han solo.
Michael McQuaid: yeah.
Matthew Incardona: And then about.
Michael McQuaid: The other Matthew also as it stands still up yeah.
Matthew P Sciubba: I do have a question actually.
Matthew P Sciubba: Okay, so when you say like not an e commerce APP The thing that comes to mind are these Apps out there, like offer up where you can post things that you want for sale.
Matthew P Sciubba: That you want to sell like, if I have like an old item in my house, I can put on there, and I can sell it, but they also have categories, and they also have a ton of images, so are they just sort of looking for a way to have more Canada more categories and more.
Matthew P Sciubba: Specific ones that people can just browse to see if they have a certain item like an A and like almost like a just an inventory type APP.
Michael McQuaid: I think that would be very useful, but I don't think that they want more categories, I think if they could, if if they could get an APP that would allow people would allow individuals either volunteers or customers to.
Michael McQuaid: upload photos that they have things that they see in the store and want to comment on.
Matthew P Sciubba: I think that would be very useful Okay, and like so the volunteers would also would they also use this APP to update the inventory of the new items come in.
Michael McQuaid: That would be a potential possibility.
Michael McQuaid: I mean we that will be pretty easy to implement if they had this capability to to post and review photos.
Michael McQuaid: yeah um it wouldn't be hard application wise to run that into an inventory system.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, but they don't have a complicated inventory system right now.
Shwetha S: Professor I have a question.
yeah.
Shwetha S: So in the slide about the volunteers, it was a there was a good point about the case that they have to close for an emergency, they would have to make about 25 phone calls and text volunteers and agencies.
Shwetha S: Do we have to make any.
Shwetha S: Anything for this particular case, because they want an opera volunteers can communicate with one another and.
Shwetha S: give an information or anything.
Michael McQuaid: Announcements or chat would probably be very beneficial.
Michael McQuaid: So chat thing that would allow them to.
Michael McQuaid: To make announcements and also for volunteers to say you know i'm coming in now, or I can't come in, now a communication channel within the APP that everyone who's logged in could see.
Michael McQuaid: would potentially be very beneficial, as a matter of fact, one thing that has occurred to me is that they should probably have.
Michael McQuaid: To.
Michael McQuaid: The APP should have two levels, there should be stuff that the public can see without logging in and then stuff that you would have to log in to be able to see.
Shwetha S: Yes, and also regarding people posting your views and posts in general.
Shwetha S: What would the volunteers be working on skimming through them and verifying if the legitimate or if there's been any effect on and, if so, do we need to you know have.
Shwetha S: The gift volunteer or some sort of power.
Michael McQuaid: and control so very good idea.
Michael McQuaid: That I mean.
Michael McQuaid: that's something that I think would be very helpful for you to to implement.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, and then I saw somebody else had a hand up.
Michael McQuaid: But they put it down.
Michael McQuaid: And Matthews hand is still up.
Matthew P Sciubba: Oh i'm sorry i'm I don't have another question.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, all right.
Michael McQuaid: So what i'd like to do now so it's so um let me ask if there are any general questions before we enter the breakout rooms were a little bit late on entering the breakout rooms, the idea is that you begin discussing which not for profits, you would like to work with and.
Michael McQuaid: There is a.
Michael McQuaid: There is not a thing here.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, there is no did I really leave this out so there's a call tricks.
Michael McQuaid: Page where I would like each team to put in what you want to who you want to work with and i'll have to put that.
Michael McQuaid: Call tricks page in the chat because, for some reason I didn't put it on the website, I can put it on the website.
Michael McQuaid: Also, but i'll put it in the chat after you've had some time in the breakout rooms so i'm going to create nine breakout rooms and i'd like you to use the breakout room that corresponds to your team number, so I sent out an email with your team number.
Michael McQuaid: And let me do the breakout rooms now, and so the teams are numbered one through nine in the breakout rooms are going to be numbered one through nine so go to.
Michael McQuaid: The the one that corresponds to your team number, and if you don't know what your team number is just asked me, and I will.
Michael McQuaid: I will tell you.
Michael McQuaid: All the tricks is on the page with the agenda.
Michael McQuaid: Oh good okay so i'm sorry I did put that on I just forgot, where I put it so if you go to the agenda, page.
Michael McQuaid: you'll put in your team number and.
Michael McQuaid: Which which not for profit, you would like to work with.
Michael McQuaid: And you're not necessarily so, there are nine teams, there are two non profits i'm going to put a sign four of you to one and five of you to the other so you're not necessarily going to get your first choice, but please do put in your first choice.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, and then I see a lot of people haven't.
Michael McQuaid: haven't gone into breakout rooms, but i'm not seeing okay so somebody did ask.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: OK.
Michael McQuaid: OK, so the interpreter should go to breakout room.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: 404 okay.
Michael McQuaid: i'm sorry no breakout room five.
break it.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: up.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, and then the judges and.
Michael McQuaid: representatives are free to go now there's no there's no more q&a anticipated i'll just announced the assignments and i'll letting you know who is likely to want to contact you I really appreciate Jeff giving your email address out i'm going to.
Michael McQuaid: Make sure that the teams that are working on yours, will be able to contact you.
Jeff Hoffman: Great oh thanks very much this is this is gonna be a lot of fun really appreciate.
Jeff Hoffman: You thinking of CNN and make opening this up.
Michael McQuaid: Thank you and thank you debra.
Debora Hughes - RCN: Thank you very much.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so I still see a few people not in breakout rooms.
Li Wang (RIT Student): I prefer some like I didn't see the break out rooms i'm in team six, I think.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so you should be able to see the breakout rooms at the bottom of the screen or at the bottom of the the window, there should be an option for.
Michael McQuaid: breakout rooms, it might be under more.
See.
Michael McQuaid: You see it under more.
Li Wang (RIT Student): Oh yeah I see that Thank you so much.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, great and then all of.
Li Wang (RIT Student): Like i'm sorry, how to get in there, I just see the.
Michael McQuaid: there's a join button, there should be a join button a little blue button with white lettering.
Michael McQuaid: Maybe I can actually.
Michael McQuaid: Oh, I can put you in OK, and then a holly.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: hi Professor.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: here.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: roomie replace the other capitalist.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so let me put aside all assign you to a room for that's the room, you should be in.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: Okay.
Michael McQuaid: I should have done that, with the others.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: Thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so you should be able to join room for now.
well.
Welcome
Michael McQuaid: Okay, I see Diana and creep are still are back here creeper i'm not sure how you pronounce your name.
Kripa Kundaliya (RIT Student): yeah that's great Thank you um So yes, we decided on which project to go on, and so I think if you're going to catch up, or where did it start channel So is there any wrap up announcement to go.
Michael McQuaid: Yes, there is because you're not necessarily going to get to do the one that you've chosen so i'm going to assign you to two groups so i'm going to try to balance it so if too many people chose one group, rather than the other i'll have to reassign you so please do stick around.
Kripa Kundaliya (RIT Student): Thank you and.
Michael McQuaid: we'll do that in just a few minutes.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so.
Michael McQuaid: i'd like to.
Michael McQuaid: find out if you have responded so I have five responses.
Michael McQuaid: Two of them are from team six.
Michael McQuaid: One is from team one and one is from team five and one is from team nine.
Michael McQuaid: By the way, do I need to re enable co host or interpreters still enabled.
_Interpreter: Ellen Cooper: we're still cars.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, I don't know how the breakout rooms actually.
Michael McQuaid: You know if, when you go into the breakout room it goes away some things are weird about the breakout rooms.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, it seems that the majority, so it looks like i've got now team three team 19 five team 16 one.
Michael McQuaid: So i'm just missing team seven.
Michael McQuaid: And and.
Michael McQuaid: team eight, I think.
Michael McQuaid: Is that right.
Michael McQuaid: In seven and teammate are still in their breakout rooms.
Michael McQuaid: or team to i'm also missing team to are still in their breakout room.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: i'm professor, this is the caption is.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: You have to disable the automatic captioning and then.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: proceed to enable me as the captioning.
Michael McQuaid: Oh.
Michael McQuaid: I thought I did Oh, you know what I enabled the first caption just.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: yeah but right now, it looks like you have the automatic speech recognition captioning on.
Michael McQuaid: yeah I enabled the wrong person I enabled the person who was here before.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: So, somehow, you have to turn the live transcription off.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: And then, yes, you just assigned me, so I have a nap Thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Alright, so are you back on or is i'm still seeing what look to me like the automatic captions.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: hold on a second, I can see if it's coming across on yeah it looks like it's coming across on mine also.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: Somehow you have to disable that, or else the two will get confused and it won't work.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, let me disable that.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, hang on i'm just going to okay yeah you have permission to type closed captions should I take it away and.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: reassign it to.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: It looks like it's.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: You see, the word test.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: Yes, yep looks like I haven't now.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, good.
Captionist - Holly Memelo: awesome Thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so i'm still looking for team for.
Isabella Totino: we're here.
Michael McQuaid: Like I mean in terms of of.
Michael McQuaid: Politics entry.
Isabella Totino: Oh, we didn't receive them link, where is it again.
Michael McQuaid: On the agenda page.
Isabella Totino: Okay well.
Michael McQuaid: And teams, seven and eight, I still don't have.
Michael McQuaid: i'm just going to close the rooms.
Michael McQuaid: Because I don't have team seven and.
eight.
Michael McQuaid: Is anybody here from team, seven and eight.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so it looks like more people want to do Rochester child first network, so what i'm going to do is assign.
Michael McQuaid: team, a couple of teams to Rochester green innovation.
Michael McQuaid: And I think the easiest thing to do is to assign the teams that haven't.
Michael McQuaid: expressed a preference.
Michael McQuaid: So that's teams, seven and eight.
Michael McQuaid: And team for so i'm going to assign so all those.
Michael McQuaid: Three teams that haven't expressed a preference i'm going to assign to Rochester innovation and all the rest are going to be Rochester child first network so that's team one team to team three.
Michael McQuaid: team five.
Michael McQuaid: And team six.
Mesha Johnson (RIT Student): We couldn't find the link for the the form, but we were going to tree we're trying to we're trying to go with rcn.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so i'm assigning you to the other one though um.
Michael McQuaid: So i'm going to i'll i'll be putting that in the email to you, with your team numbers again and your team.
Michael McQuaid: team names, but did you get that that i'm assigning teams for.
Michael McQuaid: seven, eight and nine to renovation and the other five are for rcn.
Michael McQuaid: Okay.
Michael McQuaid: Is everybody cool with that.
Michael McQuaid: Yes, green innovation was put down for team nine.
Michael McQuaid: So Oh, I see now there are some some teams, saying they didn't find the link so sorry about that.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so that wraps up the.
Michael McQuaid: Meeting, as far as i'm concerned i'm going to send you all email.
Michael McQuaid: Confirming the selections and I would like you to let me just briefly share my screen again because there's one thing that I want to make sure that you.
Michael McQuaid: That you see.
Michael McQuaid: And that is.
Michael McQuaid: This checklist that the ux club officers put together.
Michael McQuaid: So this is a suggestion about what how to and and it isn't, the only way to do things, this is just if you don't know what you're doing the here's something you can fall back on.
Michael McQuaid: And there is a discord there is a ux club discord which i'm also monitoring in which other people are monitoring, who have experience with this, I mean i've already seen stuff on this discord.
Michael McQuaid: So definitely check this out.
Michael McQuaid: And I will email the the groups when I get more information so some interesting questions came up.
Michael McQuaid: Oh, this is not on my screen sorry about that.
Michael McQuaid: Some interesting questions came up for instance about the style guides, so I will ask both groups for style guides I don't think renovation has a style guide i'm pretty sure that they don't.
Michael McQuaid: This keeps disappearing.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so it's back now so i'm.
Michael McQuaid: So i'll keep in touch with you, through some emails blasts to the whole to everybody.
Michael McQuaid: You can keep in touch with each other through discord or whatever channels you choose.
Michael McQuaid: These slides are at MC mcquaid COM slash ux studio.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, so um.
Michael McQuaid: So Leah said that they chose.
Michael McQuaid: rcn but i've assigned you actually to Rochester green innovation.
Michael McQuaid: Teams 478 and nine i've assigned to green innovation.
Michael McQuaid: And the other teams that are not those numbers are assigned to rcn.
Michael McQuaid: Okay.
Michael McQuaid: Is that pretty clear i'll say that an email again.
Michael McQuaid: Okay does anybody have any last questions or comments, before I close the zoom call i'm going to put this recording.
Michael McQuaid: i'm going to actually edit out part of this recording because there's a lot there's a lot of dead air i'm going to edit this recording when it becomes available and then i'm going to put it on if you take a look.
Michael McQuaid: Is the recording of the kickoff meeting available it's going to be here.
Michael McQuaid: it's going to be right here after the meeting it's it doesn't become available typically for a few hours and then after it becomes available edit it and then i'll put it there, so it'll probably be there tomorrow morning.
Michael McQuaid: uh.
Michael McQuaid: yeah Annie hall I I got I sent you an email me hall sent.
Michael McQuaid: A message joining, and I just got it during the call, so I.
Michael McQuaid: I sent him an email a signing into team for so this team is team for still on the call.
Isabella Totino: who's on team for will resend the discord link to them.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, great.
Michael McQuaid: Isabella you want to four.
Isabella Totino: Yes.
Michael McQuaid: Okay, great.
Michael McQuaid: Thank you.
Michael McQuaid: Alright i'm going to close out the zoom call now if unless anybody has any questions or comments.
Michael McQuaid: And I will look forward to chatting with you during the week and seeing you again next week at the same time.